Documents esbuild and apiproxy opts (#703)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/appConfiguration.md

    path: './web',
    target: TargetEnum.BROWSER,
    apiProxyPath: '/.netlify/functions',
    apiProxyPort: 8911,
    fastRefresh: true,
    a11y: true,
  },
  api: {
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 8911,
    path: './api',
    target: TargetEnum.NODE,

>     schemaPath: './api/prisma/schema.prisma',

Reviewer: Whoa—you're right, in the framework, it _is_ prisma! We definitely need to update this on the framework side

Reviewer 2: Yikes. @jtoar are you on this one? If so, let's revert this change and just fix the path in Framework. 

Great catch!

Author: sorry, I'm not following, what do I need to change?

Reviewer 2: The correct config _should be:_
- `schemaPath: './api/db/schema.prisma',`

It is _incorrect_ in the Framework file `config.ts` (🐛Yikes!)

**Next Steps:**
1. patch the value in `config.ts`
2. Doc should be `schemaPath: './api/db/schema.prisma'`

Let me know if you'd like to open a PR for step 1. I can do it otherwise.

Author: Ok, I will try to address on w.e. thanks!

Reviewer 2: Created an issue: https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/issues/2644

| `path`                        | Path to the web side               | `'./web'`               | `both`        |
| `target`                      | Target for the web side            | `TargetEnum.BROWSER`    | `both`        |
| `apiProxyPath`                | Proxy path to the api side         | `'/.netlify/functions'` | `production`  |
| `apiProxyPort`                | Proxy port to the api side         | `8911`                  | `production`  |
| `includeEnvironmentVariables` | Environment variables to whitelist |                         | `both`        |
| `fastRefresh`                 | Enable webpack's fast refresh      | true                    | `development` |

> | `a11y`                        | Enable webpack's fast refresh      | true                    | `development` |

Reviewer: I messed up the nice table formatting, but this one needs updating:

```suggestion
| `a11y`                        | Enable storybook addon-a11y and eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y  | true                    | `development` |
```

There's a lot more you can do here. For all the details, see Webpack's docs on [devServer.open](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/#devserveropen).

## [generate]

### Tests

Setting to `true` creates tests when the generate command is invoked.

### Stories

Setting to `true` creates stories for [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) when the generate command is invoked.

## [experimental]

> This section includes features that are *not stable* and maybe removed in future versions.

Reviewer: Needs a space, not sure why; something about verbs vs. adverbs 🤷
```suggestion
This section includes features that are *not stable* and may be removed in future versions.
```
